( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
CHAPTER 39: USE A BIT OF SENSE AND FIGURE IT OUT YOURSELF
Mr. Ga! Wait a minute.
Sir! I have something to say!
Just a moment. Wait.
Just a second.
Just a moment.
What is it?
I…
I'm struggling with the after-school math.
What?
You know,
I…
I keep skipping the homework,
and I feel like I'm holding the other girls back.
It's weighing on my heart.
I feel so guilty, sir.
So you get no desire at all to learn more?
What happened to the promise you made ten years ago?
You talked so big back then.
Sorry?
I'm talking about you.
Eui-ju.
I what?
I really believed you would be good at math.
You're saying
I made a promise to you?
What promise?
Forget it.
What?
Mr. Ga, wait.
EPISODE 13
Tell me what promise I made.
Mr. Ga!
Did you tidy the classroom?
Oh, right.
Goodbye.
Promise?
I can't do it.
I just can't.
Then write him a letter.
A letter?
Sure, you're a writer.
Use your words to shoot your shot.
Shoot my shot?
WE WERE FRIENDS, EPISODE 9
I'm here.
Why didn't I think of this before?
All I had to do was tell him how I felt through my work.
Dig in. I know you're hungry.
Thanks.
Are you really choosing me,
or are you just running away from Tae-ha?
-Is there a difference? -There's a huge difference!
I don't want to be your refuge.
It's just hard thinking about Tae-ha.
It's easier, being around you.
Easier?
So that's what I am to you.
That's kind of harsh.
Sorry for being so selfish.
It's fine, since I'm selfish myself.
If I'm by your side when you're confused,
you might end up choosing me.
IN THAT MOMENT, YOON DECIDED TO SHOOT HIS SHOT
Si-on, I like you.
SI-ON, I LIKE YOU
To tell the truth,
I've liked you for a long time.
Since high school.
If I didn't tell you today,
I think I'd regret it for the rest of my life.
How can you not know how I feel?
Do I have to spell it out?
Can't you use a bit of sense and figure it out yourself?
I like you.
Every time you look at me,
I feel like my heart's going to explode.
When you so much as pass me by,
my heart flutters.
Even now.
Even when you picked on me and acted all mean.
Even when you humiliated me for being terrible at math.
I never hated you.
I like you. I like you, okay?
I really like you, Si-on!
I like you.
So,
you didn't write the letter?
Well…
I'll do it some other time.
Jeez. Some other time when?
Even if I confess my feelings,
will anything change?
Let's say I work up the courage to tell him I like him.
What then? It's not like he's going to reciprocate.
-Good morning. -Good morning.
Good morning.
Go talk to him.
Go.
Mr. Ga.
Well…
I uploaded a new episode yesterday.
Did you get a chance to see it?
What did you think?
It was weird how Yoon changed so much.
Why would he say that? That came out of nowhere.
What's wrong?
Why? What did he say?
It was nothing.
-Let's just go. -Huh?
-Good morning. -Good morning.
Did you all bring your assignments?
-Yes. -Yes.
Hand them in now. Don't do them in class.
Pass them forward.
-Okay. -Okay.
-Hang on. -Just a sec.
Did anyone not do it?
Me, sir.
Stand up, Eui-ju.
Why didn't you do it?
I forgot, sir.
Forgot?
What happened to your priorities?
Shouldn't your top priorities be studying and working on homework?
Am I wrong?
Are you going to keep this up?
No, sir.
I want you to do the original assignment plus some advanced problems by tomorrow.
Yes, sir.
Sit down.
All right, turn to page 99.
Did you do something wrong?
Why is he so harsh on you?
I don't know.
I'm screwed.
Why is he so uptight?
CHAPTER 40: YOU THINK YOU COULD HIDE IT?
That pop quiz we took in math.
Mr. Ga said no half marks.
He has no compassion.
It's like he's AI.
Isn't he just following the rules?
That might actually be more fair.
What are you talking about?
So what if he's got a pretty face?
Exactly.
That's what's even more annoying.
He's so handsome like a prince charming,
but his personality sucks.
It really ruins the fantasy.
His personality isn't that bad.
He's just a bit spiky.
What's up with you today?
You used to talk crap about him all the time.
Why are you taking his side?
Me? When did I do that?
By any chance,
do you have a crush on him?
Hey.
Watch what you say.
She's not crazy.
Right.
I took it too far.
You crossed the line.
Sorry. My bad.
Let's go. See you later, Eui-ju.
You idiot.
They say you can't hide love and a cough, kiddo.
Have I been found out? Do you think they caught on?
I'd better be careful.
Isn't the school in that web novel
just like ours?
-You think? -The characters are like our teachers.
The ice hockey player Tae-ha is Mr. Jung, and the rich returning student is Mr. Noh.
Hey, check this out.
"He always wears a beige cardigan and an old brown leather-band watch."
That's Mr. Yoon.
You're right. I saw him earlier.
He was wearing that cardigan again.
I'm telling you I'm right.
The other one is definitely Mr. Ga.
The other day in class,
I saw how he always crooks his pinky when he adjusts his glasses.
-Really? -Five times out of five.
That's just like Si-on.
I'm shipping Si-on with Yoon.
I'm all for Tae-ha and Yoon.
WE WERE FRIENDS
Ju Si-on?
-Kang Tae-ha? -Look.
Choi Yoon?
…AND TURNS HIS WATCH TO LOOK AT IT
"Si-on said,
-'When a star is born…'" -When a star is born,
countless clouds of dust surround it so densely
you can't even see an inch ahead.
That's why people say…
"That's why people say stars are born out of chaos."
This problem might seem complicated, but you'll find that it's actually simple.
In fact, no math problem
can ever be as complicated as life.
Those are all things Mr. Ga said.
Does this mean the writer
is in our class?
And in after-school math?
Put some heart into it, okay? Hey, Ms. Eui-ju.
Put some heart into it.
Your drawings must suck for her to be like this, girl.
-Let me tell you about drawing… -Unbelievable.
What do you know about drawing?
-Okay, Picasso. -Give me a break.
Okay.
Eui-ju is the only one who fits the bill.
-This is great. -Jenny, what are you reading?
Fifty Shades of Mr. CEO.
The male lead has finally confessed his feelings.
No way! How did he do it?
Like this.
And then.
"You know I can't live without you."
"How could you resign?"
According to the comments, she goes to his place in the next episode.
I guess he's going to pretend to be sick.
It's such a cliché.
But even though it's clichéd, people still go crazy for it.
This is so cringe, but why is it so good?
Romance novels are such a classic for a reason!
You're so right.
Works of mega-hit writers are all quite similar, right?
Why? Is it not going well?
You said you were done.
You'll keep it a secret even if you hit the big time?
The big time?
-You'll be the first one I tell. -That's right.
I'm at school.
It's all right. I can talk.
That movie we saw? Of course, I remember.
It's getting a sequel?
Really?
I guess it's that woman from the other day.
I haven't seen it.
What's so funny?
Shouldn't your top priorities be studying and working on homework?
Am I wrong?
Why would he say that? That came out of nowhere.
He's never smiled at me like that.
Is this what you call L-O-V-E?
How have you managed to endure this so many times?
It's killing me.
You learn from the pain and grow.
I just wish it were all a novel.
Then everything would be just as I wanted.
From confessing my feelings to the aftermath and the ending,
everything would go just as I'd like then.
So? Are you just going to give up?
I haven't even started. What is there to give up?
What did I tell you?
With L-O-V-E, you just have to go straight for it.
No.
I won't.
I'm done, Go-ya.
If I keep going,
I feel like I'll get hit by a bike
and then by a car doing 140 kmph.
I'll just end up a bloody mess.
It's hard enough already.
I'm just going to stop here.
Mr. Ga sees her in a romantic light,
but not me.
That's not going to change no matter what I do.
Besides, more than anything,
he looks happy.
Isn't that what matters?
You poor thing.
This tastes amazing.
Hey, where were you off to today?
Did you go hang out with your friend Deul-i?
Don't be ridiculous.
She's gone back to Seoul.
No way.
I can tell you met her.
Are you two an item now,
or is this a rekindled thing
after breaking up back in the day?
Just eat your dinner.
He's changing the subject.
What's wrong?
Are you shy about it?
Is that what's up, little Woo-su?
So cute!
He said he didn't, so give it a rest.
Eat your dinner.
Hey.
Think about the countless women
hooked by his looks but turned off by his personality.
Oh, those poor girls.
-Tons of them. -That's true.
I've always been worried that his long-term singleness would make him
a toxic person who'd curse the world…
Hey!
-Dust. -It doesn't hurt.
I know all your moves.
-Zero pain. -You're still getting hit.
-It doesn't hurt at all. -Hey, we're eating here.
-Are you kids, or what? -No pain at all.
-Jeez. -You can't even dodge.
-Guys. -I'm landing twice as many hits!
-Yoon's confession, what a twist! -I never imagined Yoon would do that.
Logically, it doesn't make sense,
but emotionally, it's perfect.
See?
Everyone loves Yoon's confession.
Why did he say it's weird?
Does the writer go to Murim Girls' High?
What the heck?
What the heck is this?
Is this someone from school?
This must be just a lucky guess, right?
Hands up if you're still up!
DOES THE WRITER GO TO MURIM GIRLS' HIGH?
Do you read web novels?
Not recently.
Why? Do you?
No, not me.
There's a web novel with main characters
who are exactly like the Korean literature, Math, PE,
and Japanese teachers from our school.
Huh? Really?
Yeah.
One of the main characters is a math genius.
Apparently, his personality is just like Mr. Ga's.
Isn't that weird?
-No way. -I know.
I'm really curious who wrote it.
If it were me, I wouldn't be able to keep it a secret.
Eui-ju, what do you think?
About what?
If it were you, do you think you could hide it?
Hide what?
I was just asking. Why are you getting so serious?
So good.
-Sexy food. -Love the soup.
Sexy food.
She said it like she had it all figured out.
-This tastes great. -Right?
Did you hand in your math assignment?
Should I ask her to keep it a secret?
What if she tells the whole school instead?
No. What am I going to do?
I asked if you've handed in your math assignment.
If you don't do it today, you're bound to get more demerits.
Right, I need to get on it.
I'm going to do it later.
Eui-ju.
Don't forget, okay?
Okay.
What's wrong? Is everything okay?
Yeah.
The math thing is distracting her.
The rolled omelet is amazing.
One of the main characters is a math genius.
Apparently, his personality is just like Mr. Ga's.
Isn't that weird?
Eui-ju, what do you think?
If it were you, do you think you could hide it?
What if the whole school knows by tomorrow?
CHAPTER 41: NOTHING STAYS A SECRET FOREVER
-Hey, come here! -She's sleeping again.
Hey, where have you been?
-Where did you go? -Did you hit the snack bar?
-We won't take no for an answer. -Hand it over.
-Hello. -Hello.
All right. Today is our first lesson on "Gongmudohaga."
Turn to page 168.
Mr. Yoon.
Yes?
Is she going to expose me in class?
She won't, right?
Is this poem the last work covered on the exam?
Yes, that's right.
Are you okay?
Something's up, isn't it?
It's nothing.
"My beloved, don't cross that river."
"Alas, you crossed the river."
Should I
just confess everything?
Isn't that better than waiting nervously for the other shoe to drop?
Or should I just…
DO YOU WANT TO DELETE THIS NOVEL?
No way.
Hey, Eui-ju.
On my way to the art academy yesterday, I snapped this photo of a cat.
Isn't it cute?
Is something wrong?
Not at all.
SPECIAL OFFER FOR THE INTERNET
-Hey. -Gosh.
You're acting really weird.
What's going on?
I said it's nothing, didn't I?
Sorry, I was just surprised.
Oh, okay.
So, f(x) equals the integral of…
X plus three x squared.
Then, the x cubed.
This equals negative ten.
So, put negative one into the formula,
and you get negative ten. Not too difficult, right?
-No, sir. -No, sir.
Let's stop here for today.
Great job.
-Thank you. -Thank you.
-Goodbye. -Goodbye.
Mr. Ga, can I ask you a question?
For number 356, I get that C is six, but I'm not sure where to go from there.
I'm sure you've got this.
It's just a bit confusing.
If you integrate here, g(x) equals x cubed plus four, right?
So you just need to find the value when g is negative two.
Always remember that we can use the Product Rule this way.
-Okay. -Good job today.
Mr. Ga.
I brought this for you.
You really didn't have to.
Please don't do so again.
Okay.
-No difficulties following the class? -Not yet.
All right, then.
Why are you still here?
-Well… -I guess you need to talk to Mr. Ga.
If it's a question, you could've asked in class.
-I'll leave you to it. -Okay.
What is it?
Mr. Ga, I really think
I should take a break from writing my web novel.
Why?
Well,
I should focus on studying.
Also, I keep forgetting to do my homework.
Why have you lost confidence? That's not like you.
It's not like that.
It's just…
I thought a short break would do me good.
I don't know what gave you that idea,
but think back on when you first started writing.
Look back on why you started writing this novel in the first place
and how you felt then.
That's where you'll find the answer
on whether you really need a break, or if that's just an excuse.
You said you would keep at it
and get better.
Isn't that why you started?
I'm not sure if I'm doing the right thing.
Still, you've put my mind at ease, sir.
Drink this and cheer up.
Subtitle: Paul Carver